Question: Can X-FAB processes be used at cryogenic temperatures?
Answer: X-FAB generally does not have data at low temperatures below our operating range limits. We do have customers that use our technologies outside of our specified operating temperature limits, but in such cases the customer is responsible for qualifying the design in their application's temperature range.
You may have noticed that the PDS states that the simulation models are valid in the junction temperature range down to -55C. As example, the XH018 PDS also specifies:
The junction temperature range is defined as:
Operating conditions: Tj = -40C  +175C
Absolute maximum ratings: Tj = -55C / +185C
In general we are not aware of any specific process problems with operating down to -55C, however, we also say absolute max ratings must not be sustained for long periods (hence why customers need to perform their own qualification). For the range down to -55C, we can only mention some qualitative aspects. These cannot be quantified or supported by real measurement results because we neither characterize nor qualify to that temperature. Possible trends are:
1) HCI drift may get worse - but it may be mitigated because in the state where HCI is happening, current is flowing, and the transistor sees some self-heating.
2) The transistor junction breakdown voltages could be slightly reduced.

Clearly 77K (-196C) is significantly beyond our absolute minimum operating range, so full characterization/qualification on your side will be necessary to ensure you have a robust product. I am no expert in such low temperatures but I have heard of terms such as carrier freeze out which can come into play, but such issues only amplify the requirement to do the characterization and qualification.

X-FAB does not have the capability (or business justification) to offer such low temperature characterization (below -40C) so I'm afraid we cannot help you in that respect.

I'm not really aware of a third party who could do such work either, although I'd suggest you look at our partner network (see X-CHAIN on our website) in case you can make some contacts there. Perhaps one of the Test/Assembly companies could be of interest.

You might also consider trying to talk to a Space company (or their suppliers if you know who they might be) to see if they can do this or put you in touch with someone who can.
